feat: typescript tool support (#32)
dfinity/llm: typescript/README.md

```typescript
import { IDL, update } from "azle";
import * as llm from "@dfinity/llm";

export default class {
  @update([IDL.Vec(llm.ChatMessage)], IDL.Text)
  async chat(messages: llm.ChatMessage[]): Promise<string> {
    const response = await llm.chat(llm.Model.Llama3_1_8B)
      .withMessages(messages)
      .send();
    
    return response.message.content || "";
  }
}
```

### Tool Calls

```typescript
import { IDL, update } from "azle";
import * as llm from "@dfinity/llm";

export default class {

>   @update([IDL.Vec(llm.ChatMessage), IDL.Vec(llm.Tool)], llm.Response)

Reviewer: nit: I wonder if in this example we actually hard-code the tools and messages. This gives readers an idea of what chat messages and tools look like when reading the README

Author: Added the `get_weather` tool!

You can define tools that the LLM can use to perform actions:

```typescript
import { IDL, update } from "azle";
import * as llm from "@dfinity/llm";

export default class {
  @update([], llm.Response)
  async example(): Promise<llm.Response> {
    return await llm.chat(llm.Model.Llama3_1_8B)
      .withMessages([
        llm.createSystemMessage("You are a helpful assistant"),
        llm.createUserMessage("What's the balance of account abc123?")
      ])
      .withTools([
        llm.tool("icp_account_balance")
          .withDescription("Lookup the balance of an ICP account")
          .withParameter(
            llm.parameter("account", llm.ParameterType.String)
              .withDescription("The ICP account to look up")
              .isRequired()
          )
          .build()
      ])
      .send();
  }
}
```

#### Handling Tool Calls from the LLM

When the LLM decides to use one of your tools, you can handle the call:

```typescript
import { IDL, update } from "azle";
import * as llm from "@dfinity/llm";

export default class {
  @update([], llm.Response)
  async example(): Promise<llm.Response> {
    const response = await llm.chat(llm.Model.Llama3_1_8B)

>       .withMessages([
>         llm.createSystemMessage("You are a helpful assistant"),
>         llm.createUserMessage("What's the weather in San Francisco?")
>       ])

Reviewer: While this is correct, it's not very idiomatic in the world of JS/TS. How about something like this?

```suggestion
      .withMessages([
        { role: 'system', content: "You are a helpful assistant" },
        { role: 'user', content: "What's the weather in San Francisco?" }
      ])
```

This would look much more familiar to users already using LLM APIs.

      .withTools([
        llm.tool("get_weather")
          .withDescription("Get current weather for a location")
          .withParameter(
            llm.parameter("location", llm.ParameterType.String)
              .withDescription("The location to get weather for")
              .isRequired()
          )

>           .build()

Reviewer: Same here. Build patterns are generally not as necessary in TS, because you can define interfaces with optional fields and with default values:

```
    {
      name: "get_weather",
      description: "Get current weather for a location",
      parameters: [
        {
          name: "location",
          type: "string",
          description: "The location to get weather for",
          required: true
        }
      ]
    }
```

      ])
      .send();

    // Process tool calls if any
    for (const toolCall of response.message.tool_calls) {
      switch (toolCall.function.name) {
        case "get_weather":
          // Extract the location parameter
          const helper = new llm.FunctionCallHelper(toolCall.function);

>           const location = helper.get("location") || "";

Reviewer: This feels a bit too "AI-generated". In Typescript you can easily return objects that behave like dictionaries, so the response as easy as, for example, `toolCall.arguments["location"]` or something like that
